Project: Task Management System
Description
A Task Management System allows users to manage tasks for a team or an individual. It includes creating, updating, deleting, and viewing tasks. Notifications are sent asynchronously using Kafka when a task is created or its status is updated.

Functional Requirements
Task Management APIs:

Create Task: Add a new task to the system.
Retrieve Tasks: Fetch all tasks or filter tasks by status (e.g., pending, completed).
Update Task Status: Update a task's status.
Delete Task: Remove a task from the system.
Database:

Store tasks with fields like task_id, title, description, assigned_to, due_date, status, and priority.
Kafka Integration:

Produce notifications when a task is created or status changes.
Consume notifications to log updates or send messages to users asynchronously.
Exception Handling:

Validate inputs such as missing title or invalid due_date.
Handle database connectivity errors gracefully.
Multithreading:

Use threads to process bulk tasks (e.g., updating the status of many tasks simultaneously).
MVC Architecture:

Implement the system with clean separation of Controller, Service, and Repository layers.
Technical Requirements
API Endpoints:

POST /api/tasks – Create a new task.
GET /api/tasks – Retrieve all tasks or filter by query parameters (e.g., status=completed).
PUT /api/tasks/{id} – Update a task (e.g., status or details).
DELETE /api/tasks/{id} – Delete a task.
Kafka Topics:

Topic: task-notifications.
Messages sent: task_id, status, title, due_date, and timestamp.
Database Schema:

sql
Copy code
CREATE TABLE tasks (
    task_id INT AUTO_INCREMENT PRIMARY KEY,
    title VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
    description TEXT,
    assigned_to VARCHAR(255),
    due_date DATE,
    status VARCHAR(50),
    priority VARCHAR(50)
);
Testing:

Test task creation and status updates using Postman or Swagger.
Write unit and integration tests for critical functionalities.
Sample Use Case Scenarios
A team member creates a new task to be completed by the design team with a due_date of tomorrow and a priority of High.
A manager updates the task status to In Progress and then to Completed.
Notifications about task creation and status updates are logged and sent using Kafka.
A batch of overdue tasks is processed to send reminders to assigned users using multithreading.
Why This Project?
This Task Management System:

Simulates a real-world collaborative environment.
Covers a wide range of concepts such as REST APIs, Kafka, multithreading, and exception handling.
Can easily be extended to include more features like user management, role-based access control, or reporting.
